Update Security Findings schema reference page (#35665)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/guide/findings-schema.md

further_reading:
- link: "/security/cloud_security_management/"
  tag: "Documentation"

>   text: "Cloud Security Management"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  text: "Cloud Security"
```
We changed the product name last year; we shouldn't use "Management" anymore!

    "resource_name": "GET /api/v2/users/{userID}/profile"
  },
  "base_severity": "critical",
  "container_image": {
    "name": "123456789012.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/my-app:v1.0.0",
    "registries": [
      "123456789012.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com"
    ],
    "repo_digests": [
      "sha256:abcdef1234567890abcdef1234567890abcdef1234567890abcdef1234567890"
    ]
  },
  "description": "The API endpoint exposes user profile data through a route that uses predictable sequential IDs, allowing an attacker to enumerate and access other users' profiles by incrementing the ID parameter.",
  "detection_changed_at": 1738575599859,
  "exposure_time_seconds": 300,
  "finding_id": "AbCdEfGhIjKlMnOpQrStUvWx",
  "finding_type": "api_security",
  "first_seen_at": 1738575592659,
  "is_in_security_inbox": false,
  "last_seen_at": 1738624280889,
  "metadata": {
    "schema_version": "2"
  },
  "origin": [
    "agentless-scanner"
  ],
  "remediation": {
    "is_available": false
  },
  "resource_id": "api-endpoint-001",
  "resource_name": "GET /api/v2/users/{userID}/profile",
  "resource_type": "api_endpoint",
  "rule": {
    "default_rule_id": "def-000-abc",
    "id": "api-sec-001",

>     "name": "Read operation on route use predictable IDs",

Reviewer 2: This `name` field seems a bit unclear/possibly missing a word or two - can you please clarify or rewrite?

Author: Plural was missing, fixed 👍 

Note that this is a rule name example, rules are very short like that (example: [Excessive account deletion from an IP](https://dd.datad0g.com/security/appsec/policies/detection-rules/edit/def-000-sp5))

Reviewer 2: Got it, yeah the plural cleared it up - thanks!

    "type": "api_security",
    "version": 3
  },
  "service": {
    "name": "chatbot-api"
  },
  "severity": "critical",
  "severity_details": {
    "adjusted": {
      "score": 9.8,
      "value": "Critical",
      "vector": "CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H/RC:C"
    },
    "base": {
      "score": 9.8,
      "value": "Critical",
      "vector": "CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H/RC:C"
    }
  },
  "status": "open",

>   "title": "Read operation on route use predictable IDs",

Reviewer 2: Please see above comment re: `name` field counterpart of this title

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>first_seen_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@first_seen_at</code><br>Timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the finding was first detected.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>is_in_security_inbox</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@is_in_security_inbox</code><br><code>true</code> if the finding appears in the Security Inbox; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>last_detected_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@last_detected_at</code><br>Discovery timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the last detection was received by the finding platform.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>last_seen_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@last_seen_at</code><br>Timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the finding was most recently detected.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>origin</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@origin</code><br>Detection origins that produced the finding, such as agentless scans, APM, SCI (Software Composition Analysis), or CI (Continuous Integration).</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@origin</code><br>Detection origins that produced the finding, such as agentless scans, APM, SCA (Software Composition Analysis), or CI (Continuous Integration).</td>
```
Or should this be `SCI (Source Code Integration)`?

Reviewer 2: @volnt We still have the SCI/SCA discrepancy here (SCI abbreviation vs. Software Composition Analysis written out in the parentheses) - please update as needed to make this correct/consistent.

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Kubernetes" level="h3" id="k8s" %}}

Kubernetes information for findings generated against Kubernetes resources.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>cluster_id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@k8s.cluster_id</code><br>Kubernetes cluster identifier.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Metadata" level="h3" id="metadata" %}}

Additional metadata about the finding, such as schema version or source context.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>schema_version</code></td>
      <td>string</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@metadata.schema_version</code><br>Indicates the findings schema version used for the finding. Current version: <code>2</code>.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@metadata.schema_version</code><br>Indicates the findings schema version used for the finding.</td>
```
I'd recommend not listing the current version of the schema here; it's easy to miss when we update to future versions.

Reviewer 2: @volnt Do we want to keep the version number?

</table>

### Host Image

Latest host image version that may remediate the vulnerability.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>latest_major</code></td>
      <td>object</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.host_image.latest_major</code><br>Information about the latest Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that may remediate the vulnerability.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Latest Major

Information about the latest Amazon Machine Image (AMI) that may remediate the vulnerability.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>name</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.host_image.latest_major.name</code><br>Name of the latest Amazon Machine Image (for example, <code>ami-12345678</code>) that may remediate the vulnerability.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> ### Microsoft Kb

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Microsoft KB
```
For capitalization consistency with "KB" below

      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base</code><br>-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>closest_no_critical</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_critical</code><br>Closest package version with no critical vulnerabilities (based on base score).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>closest_no_vulnerabilities</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_vulnerabilities</code><br>Closest package version with no vulnerabilities.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>latest_no_critical</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_critical</code><br>The latest remediation package version with no critical vulnerabilities (based on base score).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>latest_no_vulnerabilities</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_vulnerabilities</code><br>Latest package version with no vulnerabilities.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Base

> -

Reviewer 2: Can we add a one-liner description?

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.fixed_advisories.base_severity</code><br>Base severity of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.fixed_advisories.id</code><br>Identifier of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### New Advisories

Advisories that will appear if the remediation is applied.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.new_advisories.base_severity</code><br>Base severity of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.new_advisories.id</code><br>Identifier of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>

Reviewer: These both mention the remediation fixing an advisory, but the category is about advisories actually appearing if the remediation is applied. Are these here due to a copy/paste error?

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Remaining Advisories

Advisories that will remain unfixed if the remediation is applied.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.remaining_advisories.base_severity</code><br>Base severity of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.base.remaining_advisories.id</code><br>Identifier of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>

Reviewer: Same note as above. It looks like both of these lines appear repeatedly throughout the schema, in contexts that might not make sense. I wonder if these need some closer attention throughout the file?

Reviewer 2: @volnt Is this resolved?

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Closest No Critical

Closest package version with no critical vulnerabilities (based on base score).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_critical.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_critical.remaining_advisories.base_severity</code><br>Base severity of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_critical.remaining_advisories.id</code><br>Identifier of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Closest No Vulnerabilities

Closest package version with no vulnerabilities.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.remaining_advisories.base_severity</code><br>Base severity of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.remaining_advisories.id</code><br>Identifier of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Latest No Critical

The latest remediation package version with no critical vulnerabilities (based on base score).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_critical.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_critical.remaining_advisories.base_severity</code><br>Base severity of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_critical.remaining_advisories.id</code><br>Identifier of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Latest No Vulnerabilities

Latest package version with no vulnerabilities.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_vulnerabilities.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.package.latest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>closest_no_critical</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_critical</code><br>Closest package version with no critical vulnerabilities (based on base score).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>closest_no_vulnerabilities</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_vulnerabilities</code><br>Closest package version with no vulnerabilities.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>latest_no_critical</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_critical</code><br>The latest remediation package version with no critical vulnerabilities (based on base score).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>latest_no_vulnerabilities</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_vulnerabilities</code><br>Latest package version with no vulnerabilities.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Base

> -

Reviewer 2: Can we include a short description?

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.base.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.base.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.base.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

        "updated_at": 1738575600859,
        "updated_by": {
          "id": "a1b2c3d4-e5f6-7890-abcd-ef1234567890",
          "name": "Alice"
        }
      }
    }
  },
  "tags": [
    "origin:agentless-scanner",
    "source:vulnerability_management"
  ]
}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Schema Reference

The following sections describe all available attributes in the Security Findings schema, organized by namespace.

{{% collapse-content title="Core Attributes" level="h3" id="core-attributes" %}}

These attributes are present on all security findings and describe the fundamental nature and status of the finding.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>additional_resources</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@additional_resources</code><br>Additional resources. For example, an AWS EC2 instance can have security groups and Auto Scaling groups as additional resources.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>object</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@base_severity</code><br>Base severity level of the finding before any adjustments. Valid values: `critical`, `high`, `medium`, `low`, `info`, `none`, `unknown`.</td>

Reviewer: This seems to be Markdown inside HTML, which makes it not render properly. Is there a programmatic way of using `<code>` tags instead?

    <tr>
      <td><code>exposure_time_seconds</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@exposure_time_seconds</code><br>Indicates the time elapsed, in seconds, between when the finding was last closed and when it was first detected.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>finding_id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@finding_id</code><br>Unique identifier of the finding.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>finding_type</code></td>
      <td>object</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@finding_type</code><br>Category of the finding. Valid values: `api_security`, `attack_path`, `runtime_code_vulnerability`, `static_code_vulnerability`, `host_and_container_vulnerability`, `iac_misconfiguration`, `identity_risk`, `library_vulnerability`, `misconfiguration`, `secret`, `workload_activity`.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>first_seen_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@first_seen_at</code><br>Timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the finding was first detected.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>is_in_security_inbox</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@is_in_security_inbox</code><br>True if the finding appears in the Security Inbox; false otherwise.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@is_in_security_inbox</code><br><code>True</code> if the finding appears in the Security Inbox; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
```
Is there a way to programmatically put `true` and `false` in `<code>` tags? We're talking about actual values, so I think that would be helpful.

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@advisory.id</code><br>Internal identifier for the advisory.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>modified_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@advisory.modified_at</code><br>Timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the advisory was last updated.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>published_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@advisory.published_at</code><br>Timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the advisory was published.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>summary</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@advisory.summary</code><br>Short summary of the advisory.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>type</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@advisory.type</code><br>Type of the advisory. Valid values: `component_with_known_vulnerability`, `unmaintained`, `end_of_life`, `dangerous_workflows`, `risky_license`, `malicious_package`.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

> {{% collapse-content title="Api Endpoint" level="h3" id="api-endpoint" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="API Endpoint" level="h3" id="api-endpoint" %}}
```

    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Compliance" level="h3" id="compliance" %}}

Information specific to compliance findings, such as compliance rule or evaluation (`pass`/`fail`).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>evaluation</code></td>
      <td>object</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@compliance.evaluation</code><br>Compliance evaluation result. Valid values: `pass` (resource is properly configured), `fail` (resource is misconfigured).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>frameworks</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@compliance.frameworks</code><br>Compliance frameworks mapped to the finding.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Container Image" level="h3" id="container-image" %}}

> -

Reviewer: There are a few instances of these dashes being here, which looks a little strange. Can we add in anything helpful here, or at the very least just replace them with nothing so we don't call as much attention to the lack of content?

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>architectures</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.architectures</code><br>Architectures associated with the container image.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>git_repository_url</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.git_repository_url</code><br>URL of the Git repository for the code used to build the container image. Available only when Source Code Integration is configured.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>image_layer_diff_ids</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.image_layer_diff_ids</code><br>-</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>image_layer_digests</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.image_layer_digests</code><br>-</td>

Reviewer: These two just have dashes instead of descriptions. We should...probably have something there, I'm guessing?

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>registries</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.registries</code><br>Container registry where the image is stored or was pulled from.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>repo_digests</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.repo_digests</code><br>Repository digests of the container image where the finding was detected.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>repository</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.repository</code><br>Repository of the container image.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>tags</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.tags</code><br>Tag part of the container image name (for example, `latest` or `1.2.3`).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>versions</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@container_image.versions</code><br>Versions of the container image where the finding was detected.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> ### Oses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Operating Systems
```

    <tr>
      <td><code>name</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@git.author.name</code><br>Name of the commit author.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Committer

Details about the committer.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>committed_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@git.committer.committed_at</code><br>Timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the changes were last significantly modified (for example, during a rebase or amend operation).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>email</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@git.committer.email</code><br>Email address of the committer.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>name</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@git.committer.name</code><br>Name of the committer.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

{{% collapse-content title="Host" level="h3" id="host" %}}

> Host information.

Reviewer: Kind of redundant; maybe we can just remove it?

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>architectures</code></td>
      <td>array (string)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.architectures</code><br>Architectures associated with the host.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>cloud_provider</code></td>
      <td>object</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.cloud_provider</code><br>Cloud provider the host belongs to.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>image</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.image</code><br>Name of the host image used to build the host (for example, `ami-1234`).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>key</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.key</code><br>Canonical Cloud Resource Identifier (CCRID).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>name</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.name</code><br>Host name.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>os</code></td>
      <td>object</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.os</code><br>Attributes of the operating system running on the host.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> ### Os

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Operating System
```
Or `OS`? The lowercase "s" here just looks weird.

Attributes of the operating system running on the host.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>name</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.os.name</code><br>Operating system name.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>version</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@host.os.version</code><br>Operating system version.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

> {{% collapse-content title="Iac Resource" level="h3" id="iac-resource" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="IaC Resource" level="h3" id="iac-resource" %}}
```

Attributes identifying the Infrastructure as Code (IaC) resource related to the finding.

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>platform</code></td>
      <td>object</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@iac_resource.platform</code><br>IaC (Infrastructure as Code) platform the vulnerability was found on (for example, `terraform`, `kubernetes`).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>provider</code></td>
      <td>object</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@iac_resource.provider</code><br>IaC (Infrastructure as Code) provider where the resource is defined (for example, `aws`, `gcp`, `azure`).</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

{{% /collapse-content %}}

> {{% collapse-content title="K8S" level="h3" id="k8s" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% collapse-content title="Kubernetes" level="h3" id="k8s" %}}
```

    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>base_severity</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.base.remaining_advisories.base_severity</code><br>Base severity of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.base.remaining_advisories.id</code><br>Identifier of the advisory that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

### Closest No Critical

Closest package version with no critical vulnerabilities (based on base score).

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th style="width: 25%;">Attribute name</th>
      <th style="width: 15%;">Type</th>
      <th style="width: 60%;">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_critical.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.closest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_critical.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_critical.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>fixed_advisories</code></td>
      <td>array (object)</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_vulnerabilities.fixed_advisories</code><br>Advisories that the remediation will fix.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_incomplete_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore it may not be 100% accurate</td>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@remediation.root_package.latest_no_vulnerabilities.has_incomplete_data</code><br>Flag to indicate whether the remediation may have incomplete dependency data and therefore may not be 100% accurate</td>
```

      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.has_exploit_available</code><br><code>true</code> if known exploits exist for the finding; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_high_exploitability_chance</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.has_high_exploitability_chance</code><br><code>true</code> if the EPSS (Exploit Prediction Scoring System) score is above 1%; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_privileged_access</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.has_privileged_access</code><br><code>true</code> if the finding's resource is running with elevated privileges or has the ability to assume a privileged role; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>has_sensitive_data</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.has_sensitive_data</code><br><code>true</code> if the finding has access to a resource that contains sensitive data; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>is_authenticated</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.is_authenticated</code><br><code>true</code> if the API endpoint requires authentication to access, <code>false</code> if the endpoint does not require authentication. Omitted if authentication status is unknown.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.is_authenticated</code><br><code>true</code> if the API endpoint requires authentication to access; <code>false</code> if the endpoint does not require authentication. Omitted if authentication status is unknown.</td>
```

    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>is_crown_jewel</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.is_crown_jewel</code><br><code>true</code> if the affected resource is critical to your business; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>is_emerging</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.is_emerging</code><br><code>true</code> if the vulnerability is linked to an advisory classified as an emerging vulnerability, <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk.is_emerging</code><br><code>true</code> if the vulnerability is linked to an advisory classified as an emerging vulnerability; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
```

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>impact_cvss</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk_details.is_tainted_from_request_url.impact_cvss</code><br>How request URL tainting changes the CVSS scoring. Valid values: <code>riskier</code>, <code>neutral</code>, <code>safer</code>, <code>unknown</code>.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>value</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@risk_details.is_tainted_from_request_url.value</code><br><code>true</code> if the final URL contains tainted parts originating from the request URL; <code>false</code> otherwise.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> ### Is Using Sha1

Reviewer 2: Consider SHA1 (all capital) for consistency with the description below.

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>state</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.state</code><br>Current state of the ServiceNow ticket.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>sys_id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.sys_id</code><br>ServiceNow 32-character hexadecimal ticket identifier (for example, 9f8c7e2d3b4a5c6d7e8f9a0b1c2d3e4f).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>table_name</code></td>
      <td>string</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.table_name</code><br>The name of the table where the ticket is stored; accepted values are incident and em_event.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.table_name</code><br>The name of the table where the ticket is stored; accepted values are <code>incident</code> and <code>em_event</code>.</td>
```

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>description</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.mute.description</code><br>Free-text explanation for why the finding was muted.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>expire_at</code></td>
      <td>integer</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.mute.expire_at</code><br>Timestamp in milliseconds (UTC) when the mute expires. If not set, the mute is permanent.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>is_muted</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.mute.is_muted</code><br>True if the finding is muted; false if it is active.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>is_muted_by_rule</code></td>
      <td>boolean</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.mute.is_muted_by_rule</code><br>True if the finding is muted by an automation rule; false otherwise. If true, the relevant automation rule is referenced in the workflow.automation section.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.mute.is_muted_by_rule</code><br>True if the finding is muted by an automation rule; false otherwise. If true, the relevant automation rule is referenced in the workflow.automations section.</td>
```

  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td><code>state</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.state</code><br>Current state of the ServiceNow ticket.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>sys_id</code></td>
      <td>string</td>
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.sys_id</code><br>ServiceNow 32-character hexadecimal ticket identifier (for example, 9f8c7e2d3b4a5c6d7e8f9a0b1c2d3e4f).</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td><code>table_name</code></td>
      <td>string</td>

>       <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.table_name</code><br>The name of the table where the ticket is stored; accepted values are <code>incident</code> and <code>em_event</code>.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td><strong>Path:</strong> <code>@workflow.integrations.cases.servicenow_ticket.table_name</code><br>The name of the table where the ticket is stored. Valid values: <code>incident</code>, <code>em_event</code>.</td>
```
